Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a sound check is there audio and video and saying,
Shaun W.: All right, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Video and sing chuck chuck chuck.
Shaun W.: You never texted me Glenn without lady called me I'd never got know Texas from he asked you to balls coming
Gwenevere Abriel: Sunday, what that means.
Shaun W.: You never texted me the lady said you were trying to text me yesterday he was coming to the meeting, but I never got none of your Texas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but which meeting, we're talking about
Shaun W.: This meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's figure out what's up with that number one, that's my choice. I do it to be helpful. That's a hope I can get it together. The night before, but you confirmed in group so you
Shaun W.: Had already confirmed. Oh they yeah they called me this morning said that you were calling them seeing that I didn't confirm group they were
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't control what people say to you.
Shaun W.: I'm just telling you, I'm just telling you what people said to me.
Shaun W.: That's what I'm telling you what people said to me, said that you called them and said that I didn't you text me and I didn't
Shaun W.: See that always come to the group. So I'm telling you what he told me that I was at seven o'clock this morning. I said, Yeah, I'm going. She never texted me. I never got a text from
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's fine and but just know I can't control, even though I may say something I can't do. So let's just take the parts of parts that I can control. So this is what I sent
Gwenevere Abriel: Last night.
Shaun W.: Are you sure you got to make
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your connections breaking up a little bit. Um, so it was sent looks like my time it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Your time it would be 333 35 is a
Shaun W.: Short initials received because I don't have none of those. I'll show you all don't have none of those on my Texas. That's what will trickle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down time we got a slow time down little
Gwenevere Abriel: Too slow time down
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a nice breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice how important just someone's wrong someone's right this is about really technology doesn't always work. I've learned that when something's green. Sometimes it doesn't go through. Sometimes it's green, and it goes through. See, here's other stuff. See how it's green.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yours are like always, green and some of
Shaun W.: Those are old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. Just listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Green.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes still means they went through. So I have no clear way of knowing whether someone got a message or not. Do you see that for some people, they'll say to me, I'm trying to learn myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, if they're blue then for sure they went through and I'm like, oh, okay. Is that true for everyone. And then I look at yours is a lot like other people's and they're green and sometimes they go through. Sometimes they don't. There's no way for me to know
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell whether a text message went through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you know a trick.
Shaun W.: Or they switch over.
Shaun W.: I don't, I didn't get texts from you. That's all I got a text from yesterday. See what happened to group.
Shaun W.: You don't have an agreed yesterday. The sound was cutting out. So I put the video like you showed me take the video off. And that's what I did is breaking here because everything was messy. Have you guys kept freezing up
Shaun W.: So I took the video off to see if you'll just play thing. And then I had to call back and say, back in
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you sign back in
Shaun W.: Yeah, he let me back in
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's something else. So here's what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard your, your piece of it. Then there's also me as a facilitator, trying to get statements from everyone on the record of kind of what their thoughts content was and I did not know could not see you there. So I thought you were gone.
Shaun W.: There. Oh, I thought you guys
Shaun W.: Yeah, I thought you guys at the very end. I thought you guys told us to leave. That's what I left my guys. I thought you guys told me
Shaun W.: I think I said it was done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, at the end, it was done.
Shaun W.: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I always want to hear from everyone at the end. It's very rare that I won't have some little statement about a group topic I'll probably want to hear a little something.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just we're doing very much logistics of texting very much logistics of group when when I wrote to you what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I probably should have skipped that and just waited to talk to you. And here, but that's what I meant. Meaning, I couldn't. I thought you were gone, and I couldn't get a comment from you about the group topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what that was probably should just stick with this is scheduling. Sometimes I deviate from it and I pay the price.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I can't go on and on about it because look how complicated is it takes really slowing down and taking each little piece. I'm not going to go in about some green text and blue text. I'm not going to go on into that in itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it does take time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what was your comment for group was the comment that I can maybe put in that note that didn't get said
Shaun W.: Though I think we were doing was saying, well, we're our addiction was and all that. That's all we're doing.
Shaun W.: All we were doing was saying what we're drug of choice was what
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not a nice Frank or that that is definitely not all we were doing.
Shaun W.: That, that's all I think I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Shaun W.: Remember I didn't sign on for
Shaun W.: Hours ON THAT THE OFFICE THING from HTTP to in the way in two minutes from the, what you call it when you call in to get the number me 30 minutes to get into your
Gwenevere Abriel: Connection in here is not great. Some of what you say broke up. I think he said you took 32 minutes to get into the group.
Shaun W.: Or like 30 minutes. Yeah. It took me that long waiting for them to give me the number to get into the group I signed on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I would encourage if you notice at the end of a group and you haven't said your thought about the group topic because it's pretty rare that I don't say, hey, I want to hear from everyone kind of want to hear from everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, they want to speak up and say, hey, I haven't shared especially
Shaun W.: What was the topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna open up a note. Hold on just a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tend to make a big fuss about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it like we don't celebrate much for birthday.
Not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are
Gwenevere Abriel: Reviewing goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: To prevent
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to what we do last time we did
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She who
Gwenevere Abriel: You are sharing
Gwenevere Abriel: A significant event that happened when you were 24
Gwenevere Abriel: I was in a still trying to identify a target to address through em Dr trying to find a really core
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of memory around the PTSD symptoms. Something you brought up that happened when you were 24
Gwenevere Abriel: You put it a distress level of
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm guessing that 50 is how you feel about the memory now not how you felt back then I could be wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not. Maybe really as a 50 your worst one the most distressing thing for you out of hundred was the accusation and the incarceration for those four years, the guards beating you up in that false accusation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess it surprises me that your dad did things like my dad chopped me up with a ninja sword.
Gwenevere Abriel: He caught my ear, try to cut my finger step my shoulder split my skull. Right. It surprises me that that would be a distress of 50 that it wouldn't reach something higher I'm wonder about that. Does it surprise you. Or when you compare yourself to other people's stories.
Someone else told that story.
Shaun W.: Well, there's a
Shaun W.: Deep other people that are worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you think other people have had it worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you tell this story. Often this one with what your dad did you know know
Gwenevere Abriel: The people that tell you that they've had worse things happen to you or those people in prison or your buddies that have had it worse.
Shaun W.: Those people I had seen on TV or do they just know there's people out there. It's got to be worse than what are your brand.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your mind, do you believe that because people their body may have suffered more harm or emotionally may have suffered more harm that somehow you don't deserve.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be really angry really upset that you somehow don't have a right to that response.
Shaun W.: Come on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let me check in. We kind of touched on a little bit. I want to pull away from that a little bit. We may come back to the some of that a little later, but first I want to pull back a little, just to sort of start with
Gwenevere Abriel: Things that are going on, sort of in your current life kind of pull back a little.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to check on how
Gwenevere Abriel: How your sleep has been
Shaun W.: I don't know, never released the good work.
Shaun W.: I've been waking up my kidneys hurting real bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like kidney. How do you know it's your kidney. Tell me about that.
Shaun W.: My
Shaun W.: Kidneys are
Gwenevere Abriel: It was
Gwenevere Abriel: In slow motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was in slow motion, but I think I heard you say it's in my lower back where my where my kidneys are
Shaun W.: All right, here we go.
Shaun W.: I can hear me know
Shaun W.: When someone calls in it cuts my headphones. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's what everyone it messes with stuff. Um, I try and say, hey, try and put them on. Do Not Disturb mode on the phone, but sometimes that doesn't seem to even help. I don't know what the answer, wish I knew.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you've got some kidney pain. How many days is that's going on.
Shaun W.: Well,
Shaun W.: I'll start up yesterday I kept I kept throwing up all the yesterday. I don't know why, but after our Dropbox, you'll find
Shaun W.: And I found out to people at my work had a coronal virus and they they took two of our bosses and made them go home for a week or so because they had contact with that person. But they didn't tell none of us at work.
Shaun W.: So everybody found out
Shaun W.: I found out yesterday was like, what, so they leave these two off to go home, but didn't tell none of us if we're the ones working with the person that people
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I would feel so past
Shaun W.: Yeah. Should piss me off.
Shaun W.: They didn't turn away. Nothing yesterday. He was like the boss was telling me like keep growing like there's two people got coronavirus here like what
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels disrespectful, doesn't it.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what do you do with that. Does that mean you you talk to someone, or you wear a mask. When are you going to do to to address the issue, personally.
Shaun W.: Go to work. I don't wear a mask and go to work and work.
Shaun W.: I figured if I die from it. Then we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Connections.
Shaun W.: Okay, hear me. Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how you just sound it
Shaun W.: Watch. Hold on, I'm gonna put in these other headphones with. That's what I used to have to use with you guys this zoom program much
Shaun W.: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: also put a note, I just remember you said in in group that you had gotten a car.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was one of your goals was I'm getting a car. I'll say 20 $500 by May. So you already got a car and
Gwenevere Abriel: There was some it broke down a little bit. Do you feel like it's running solid now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, shoot. Dude, I can't hear you at all. We gotta keep playing with the sound a little bit. Check the little button on your. I don't know if there's a little mute or something on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a button.
Gwenevere Abriel: working well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm actually gonna still can't hear you. Maybe you can hear me. I'm actually going to write
Gwenevere Abriel: That you achieve this goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Waiting for waiting to hear you can't quite hear you, yet we're waiting for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, try it now you've got a good video right this second can hear you yet. Not yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want, you could log back out. If you want to do the whole old school thing where we just log back out and come back in and might work. Sometimes that works for people. I'll stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let you back in
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotcha, gotcha.
Shaun W.: You're wondering should I try to throw my friend.
Shaun W.: Hey, can you hear me now.
Shaun W.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure it out. Yeah, it's, we're not sometimes just want to back out can wake everything up. I don't get it. But
Shaun W.: Yeah, I turned around. I bought this car and I don't know much about it. So I pulled out the oil stick and I thought it said minimum. So I over filled with oil.
Shaun W.: And I'm driving on the street, big or small starts blowing out the back and I was all what the folks I pull over right away my nephew pulls me home. And then that Monday the these Mexican dudes came over to check the car. And then they said, Hey, who put oil in it. And also, I didn't
Shaun W.: Like look its way over filled with oil and so the dream and they say, you look, you didn't blow out your ring. So they said just drive it burn the oil off for a couple days and I did, how it runs great like
Shaun W.: Like a champ. So nice car.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, is this a sign that you need sunglasses.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I do wear glasses, but i don't i don't have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I bet that that writing was really small on that stick right
Yeah.
Shaun W.: Oh, I can't believe I did that, man. Almost, almost ruined that car.
Shaun W.: It was on my third day, having it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, what's up, is it just you know making time for yourself to get those bosses, or what's the deal.
Shaun W.: It costs money. I just got to save money because I bought this car I save money to buy this car. Now I don't have no money. So I gotta save money again to go get an apartment now.
Shaun W.: Okay, let's start looking for an apartment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got this one for achieved.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Save for an apartment. I think I've got find find a place to live. I've already got that as a goal.
Shaun W.: Yeah, that's the next. That's the next one I'm working on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were starting with zero and savings. Is that right, because he's bought the car.
Shaun W.: Yeah, started with zero
Shaun W.: It took me a while just to save 1500
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you realize how quickly you put that together and you say, it took you a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A LOT OF PEOPLE AND THEIR MONEY IS GETTING DIVERTED all kinds of directions is taking longer. You need to give yourself credit for how quickly put that together. I don't think you give yourself nearly enough credit
Shaun W.: To get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are and you are getting it done, but you're minimizing that's that's the thing for you not seeing your goal. Y'all know listen
Shaun W.: He's made a wise in his involvement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, this is tangible you set a goal for may
Gwenevere Abriel: I may 20 or something and you got the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before that, I mean, this is your real I'm making it up, got it done before. Even the deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Most people what ends up happening is they are gambling in a way. Oh, I'm smoking it away, they're putting their is diverting
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're not getting it done, you need to take pride in what you did, you're handling it. Okay, you have a lot of reason to get yourself distracted and you're not. You're staying focused
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think. Now this I, I'm going to go get a you said find a place to live.
Gwenevere Abriel: You originally it was spend less money on beeping. That was one it was going over there. Now we got on 331 told me that we would help me. Okay, so is there money. Are you still a thing. Or if you let that go, says, oh,
Shaun W.: I gotta let it go to save money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, still wanting to to
Shaun W.: Will they gave me a marijuana card but i'm gonna i'm not gonna do it because it costs too much money. So I'm not even gonna smoke and stuff. And it made me feel better. Nothing but I'm not going to smoke it because it just costs too much money.
Shaun W.: So I'm not, I don't even. I don't think I need it. It makes me lazy.
Shaun W.: Okay, so I don't think I'm gonna do that. No more.
Shaun W.: Boxes good enough.
Shaun W.: I just, I really want to up my soapbox and to be honest with you, I just don't know why you guys won't do that one strip at ease. Nothing. I need to strip in the morning in the strip at night.
Shaun W.: Once drips really nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: One step is nothing, I want to strip in the morning and in the evening. That's what
Shaun W.: That's it. Just one in the morning, one at night. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so on March 31 you said a doctor told me that we would help with my post traumatic stress disorder PTSD symptoms. These aren't quotes
Gwenevere Abriel: You this one was what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was checking on your own level.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe some contradiction, just check. Hold on. Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, back then, you said, I don't care for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: NOTICE HOW THEY SAY IT MAKES ME FEEL BETTER. So what's going on between I don't care for it. What's
Shaun W.: What are you doing, what we'd
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Shaun W.: I don't know, I just, it just making me feel like lazy and and
Shaun W.: I don't know, I just, I'm not liking it. And so I'm just, I don't know, I like it makes me feel better, but it makes me feel lazy and I gotta go to work and stuff like that. I just, I'm not
Shaun W.: I don't know, I just think it costs too much money.
Shaun W.: It costs a lot of money. So I need to get an apartment. I can't afford it. I can barely I'm not stop smoking too because I can't afford smoking here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have a goal. Thank you for clarifying that. Um, so I have a goal that you've set and I put it way out into December. Tell me if this feels feels feels like a good date I have December.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find a good place to live.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: How much are you thinking for first last kind of thing or
Gwenevere Abriel: How much do you think in a trying to say for a good place.
Shaun W.: Like 1200
Gwenevere Abriel: That would cover first and last
Shaun W.: Yeah, but it's not. I'm gonna have to live in a war zone because I'm a felon so they don't do first. And lastly, they just deposited in the, the, I can already get apartment right now a two bedroom, but we don't want it.
Shaun W.: You want to escape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to get a better place.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I just don't want to live in the war zone. That's where I
Gwenevere Abriel: Live. Oh, but I know we've talked about this and you're so sure that you're you that you couldn't get in in an area where you wouldn't be exposed to that life. You're so sure because you've checked it out or is it just your
Gwenevere Abriel: Assumption your social
Shaun W.: Just my assumption.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what if there's a place I mean look at what's going on right now. What if exceptions are being made, maybe they're not going to do the same background check, or whatever, whatever. Maybe they'll do a short term lease to get
Gwenevere Abriel: A warm body in covering these requirements, because people are writing for all crashing and burning here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe this is good timing to say, hey, listen, give me. Okay. Okay. Every time you know two days before the first of the month, you know, maybe you can play a little bit with
Gwenevere Abriel: This you know kind of changing your credit history a little bit saying, Hey, give me a shot. We'll do it. What about three months least you guys probably needed I need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good for it and maybe even being able to have more saved to get ahead and say, let me give you first and last because I mean I want, I don't want you to be in the war zone, either. I don't want to expose that negative stuff you've had that for a long time.
Shaun W.: I grew up there. That's where I grew up. I grew up right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you acknowledge that it may be assumption. Have you been checking out maybe a place that you would like to live, maybe call
Shaun W.: Yeah, I have. And once I tell him felon, it shuts down right away. He said, I didn't this lady to give me a list of felony friendly apartments. They're all over the world. I was like, wow.
Shaun W.: I guess I gotta find like a private owners on maybe in a different area.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So who do you know, or maybe you have one in. I'm just brainstorming. This will get your brain going in, like Facebook marketplace, they have, they do private owner rentals, things like that where you could maybe be in a fancy Fishman say mouse and you can maybe run out of space or share
Gwenevere Abriel: I told you just brainstorm.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you say I could maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at private. What were you thinking
Shaun W.: I'll just find someone that owns an apartment little apartment complex and see it's a rent to me.
Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know I have a car and you can even go by and say hey,
Shaun W.: Yeah, like to drive around
Shaun W.: You know what I know is I got a car and I don't really go anywhere.
Shaun W.: It's cool. The store bag worth, that's it. I hope I don't get this growing awareness is I can't believe that they didn't tell nobody at work.
Shaun W.: Well, I think if they didn't want to cause a panic.
Shaun W.: Because then everybody would have laughed at me like, man, because everybody told her about yesterday with the last one megabyte started trip and all that one.
Shaun W.: Well, yeah, to people got Chrome errors in here. These they sent them home but not us, because we need to do the work there. They just stand there and watch us work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your belief is if it's my time to go, it's my time to go.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I guess. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there, is there more to it than that.
Shaun W.: No there's not. What is your time, it's your time, you know, keeping it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, I'm not going to get into that with you.
Shaun W.: Oh yeah, please don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Like cheese.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna keep my mouth shut.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so he touched on a little bit of my sleep's messed up noticing this observation of kidney. Have you ever had a kidney.
Gwenevere Abriel: Injury and
Shaun W.: Ego.
Shaun W.: I know your kidneys out they teach you in boxing. So these your kidneys are right here guarded the right here under your ribcage in your back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you know,
Shaun W.: So I know that's where it's
Shaun W.: It's right there.
Shaun W.: And it's been I'm pretty sure it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been going on for the last couple months.
Shaun W.: Last month, a couple of about three weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has anything changed. Besides, like anything you're eating, drinking, anything else changed.
Shaun W.: I'm not, I don't really have much of an appetite for
Gwenevere Abriel: Any weight loss.
Shaun W.: No.
Shaun W.: I don't know, I weighed myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder, well, you might notice in in your clothes being looser
Shaun W.: I noticed as I
Shaun W.: Did I used to eat, and now it's like I don't have an appetite. Okay, nothing like I won't eat nothing. I'll be like one little thing or be. That's it.
Shaun W.: And it's usually something not good like sweets don't either. So it's not using on the food. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any nightmares waking up.
Shaun W.: Lately,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like as in, not the last week, not last two weeks.
Shaun W.: Couple days.
Shaun W.: Last week,
Gwenevere Abriel: We got a little bit of time today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to spend some time doing the wording of it sounds a little weird but it's called installing sounds robotic but it's really
Gwenevere Abriel: Weaving in some positive imagery are using the the end or
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have the two soda cans with the two
Shaun W.: Other right there. I'm just gonna grab them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Check your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're looking at those objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to see your eyes moving left and right.
Shaun W.: With
Gwenevere Abriel: how close they are
Shaun W.: Closer.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think so. I think if you get closer. It's going to strain your eyes, and I know
Gwenevere Abriel: People are about from their wrist to their shoulder and distance from the object that tends to not pull on the muscles too hard. Does it feel like that's about the distance
Shaun W.: You want to do this. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. All right, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a really specific protective figure nurturing figure and wise figures sort of all in one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have this
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure of your grandma, you have a real person that made you feel safe. She took care of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She would talk to you about things all the time she she's deceased now. But when you think about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'd like to do today is I'd like you to just for a moment and I can close them with you if you like. So you don't feel like you're being stared at. But I want you to close your eyes and really get
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into the imagery of her and having her interacting with you in current day just just see what comes up out of the imagination as far as just being present with
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the types of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have your grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interacting with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just bringing it into that workspace in your mind where you're very focused narrowly
Gwenevere Abriel: Just on the imagery, you
Gwenevere Abriel: This sense of safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Essential sense of nurturing meaning her wanting for you, your growth for you to reach your potential
Gwenevere Abriel: And that that wisdom that comes with grandma is available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of be with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And pay attention to where you are with her. Are you sitting, standing eating together you walking just pay attention to what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to even tell me this is just sort of your private imagery, it's up to you to bring it into awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's deeply personal
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's your space you're
Gwenevere Abriel: picturing grandma and you
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you have that imagery, very solidified
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to do an iteration with your eyes open and I'll be doing it quite slowly. So hold that in your mind that imagery. Okay. You can be looking at the tops of those containers pretty slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just catching the pace. Out of the corner of your eye with my fingers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Working hard to hold that imagery in your mind still
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, wisdom, nurturing protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together into the belly big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mind go blank for just even one beat just
Gwenevere Abriel: To an end, see what comes up, what you notice about your body
Gwenevere Abriel: About your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: emotions, thoughts, what did you notice
Shaun W.: Notice I want to quit smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were, were you thinking that I want to quit smoking.
Shaun W.: It's my grandma died of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna go with that. Hold on. Hold that for going with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that imagery as well and go with what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: creative mind.
Work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sean tune into your breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure that breath. It's nice and deep into the long not short and shallow
Gwenevere Abriel: Present with her again again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking of right now.
Shaun W.: Picture. My grandmother oxygen.
Shaun W.: Tunnels to quit smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention now to how your body feels as you hold that imagery in your working mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune into both body and mind and yes it does take concentration
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: For us it
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels tuning in
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever imagery is coming up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together in in in in into the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, slowly, you can, long breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let it beat happen where the mind goes blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to give that space between
Gwenevere Abriel: All that effort.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up.
Shaun W.: more relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did you notice the relaxation have
Shaun W.: When I started breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that was the task right that helped with it were in the body. Did you notice. Oh, I must be relaxed, like what muscles. Did you notice, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Just relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I can hear that maybe your mom is nearby, or somewhere in the house. You can hear a voice.
Shaun W.: Oh, it's my niece is watching TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see what
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's do this invitation. If you will choose a picture right your resource kind of picturing gramma
Gwenevere Abriel: See, see that goals that you have, if I want, I kind of want to quit and see what comes up. Maybe you could ask
Gwenevere Abriel: Him a question maybe grandma says something to you just see what comes up with that. Okay. So pull that awareness of into your working mind. And if you have a question for her your deepest question in your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: What might you ask her what might you tell her. What's your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: To that resource of grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes to you. This is a little different. Maybe just say it out loud, as we're doing this as it comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: The sounds that come and go, and that's okay, we can be aware of them and then return back to this imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me the chance to go blank for even a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up for you.
Shaun W.: Stop. My mom is in the room already because you brought up my wallet. Now she walked in there and you should
Shaun W.: Get coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear some sounds. So there's the I'm both. I can hear this, the sounds coming online and an awesome. Also, you were, but you are working as hard as you could write to try a little distracting.
Shaun W.: Next time I'll go in a different room.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can pull back a little bit, we can kind of come up and we can talk about what today was like, don't look at your our interaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe make possible this work today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
What happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To me.
Shaun W.: What's important to me what's happening today.
Shaun W.: Going to get a stimulus just
Shaun W.: Like everybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about inside of our interruption in there was important that you're coming up something you notice about yourself.
Shaun W.: Quit smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: That in a sentence. So I know what that means.
Shaun W.: I gotta try to quit smoking.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it came up and that surprise you, like, Boy, I really got it. It came up again. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to add, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna be did you quit. Did you quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's more like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We could set up a little distractions little things that everything from getting you know making cinnamon sticks or having a little YouTube big of setting up little things that can busy your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like whether it's cut the rope on it. It's not giving Sean a hard time for smoking. It's well do we need to brainstorm distraction techniques. Do we need gummed we need to patch as you want to try what the trend. It isn't me giving you a hard time. Do you know that
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Shaun W.: You're just trying to say you set a goal. So
Shaun W.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also are very committed once you say you're going to do something, you kind of do it. So I'm wondering if we write it down by then then Sean's really going to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe he's not
Gwenevere Abriel: To it yet.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I'm quitting quitting smoking weed though today.
Shaun W.: First day
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, maybe we'll see. Maybe. Or maybe he would maybe get rid of it. I don't know what kind of commitment would look like would you give it to someone else.
Shaun W.: Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's set up an appointment. Two weeks from now make sure that that we're agile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Changes with your work, let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Further, I know in advance easier it is for me to to move things around. But right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight and 9am
Shaun W.: April 28
Shaun W.: Please text me please text me the night before and we make sure it goes through, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't make sure it goes through. I don't, I'm not God, I'm so sorry. I wish I knew I would totally text him first.
All right.
Shaun W.: God. Verse
I texted
Shaun W.: Me, I didn't get none of them. I swear that none of those no show you if you want. I'll screenshot my phone and show you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, notice how you said I need to make sure you're more than welcome to confirm an appointment, if you want to call me again.
Shaun W.: Obviously, if I don't remember it's better because I got a lot of things going on.
You do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so maybe set an alarm, the day before, to make sure have an appointment, maybe setting.
Shaun W.: A set alarm that morning center as soon as we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good. Alright.
Shaun W.: Have a good one.